app/vmselect: fix OR logic in extra_filters+extra_label tenant selection for multitenant API (#10983)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> **Update Note 1:** `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): joins multiple `vm_account_id` and `vm_project_id` filters into a single filter at `extra_label` and `extra_filters[]` args for [multitenant](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/#multitenancy) requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Update Note 1:** `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): tenant filters from `extra_filters[]` and `extra_label` query parameters are now combined with AND logic instead of OR when selecting tenants for [multitenant queries](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/#multitenancy-via-labels). This is a **breaking change** that enforces proper tenant isolation. Queries may return less data than before. Users granting access to multiple tenants should use a single filter group with regex instead of separate groups, e.g. `extra_filters[]={vm_account_id=~"1|2"}`.
```

* BUGFIX: [vmrestore](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmrestore/): fix a bug where specifying `-storageDataPath` with a trailing slash could cause `vmrestore` to panic. See [#10823](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10823). Thanks to @utafrali for the contribution.
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/): prevent unintentional rerouting of samples to other sharding targets when one of the `-remoteWrite.url` targets with `-remoteWrite.disableOnDiskQueue` becomes blocked. Previously this could break the sharding guarantee by sending samples to wrong targets instead of dropping or retrying them. See [#10507](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10507).
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/): return error on startup if `-remoteWrite.disableOnDiskQueue` is not configured uniformly across all `-remoteWrite.url` targets when `-remoteWrite.shardByURL` is enabled. Either all targets must have it enabled or all must have it disabled. See [#10507](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10507).

> * BUGFIX: `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): fix incorrect tenant selection logic for [multitenant](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/#multitenancy) API requests when both `extra_filters[]` and `extra_label` filters are specified. Previously, these filters were combined using `OR` logic instead of `AND`, which could allow authenticated users to query data outside their authorized tenant scope. Now `extra_label=vm_account_id=5` combined with `extra_filters[]={vm_account_id="10"}` correctly returns an empty response.

Reviewer 2: Is the expected behavior supposed to be:
1. using `OR` for multiple `extra_filters[]`;
2. using `AND` between `extra_filters[]`  and `extra_label`?

If so, the current code looks correct to me. See the examples in the playground:
```
➜  ~ curl 'https://play.victoriametrics.com/select/multitenant/prometheus/api/v1/query' \
  -d 'query=sum(up)' \
  -d 'extra_filters[]={vm_account_id="0",vm_project_id="0"}' \
  -d 'extra_filters[]={vm_account_id="42"}'
{"status":"success","isPartial":false,"data":{"resultType":"vector","result":[{"metric":{},"value":[1779351080,"93"]}]},"stats":{"seriesFetched": "93","executionTimeMsec":3}}%

➜  ~ curl 'https://play.victoriametrics.com/select/multitenant/prometheus/api/v1/query' \
  -d 'query=sum(up)' \
  -d 'extra_filters[]={vm_account_id="0",vm_project_id="0"}' \
  -d 'extra_label=vm_account_id=42'
{"status":"success","isPartial":false,"data":{"resultType":"vector","result":[]},"stats":{"seriesFetched": "0","executionTimeMsec":0}}%
```
With the fix, multiple `extra_filters[]` also start using `AND`, which breaks the current behavior and the [doc](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/#multitenant-reads):
>Alternatively, it is possible to use [extra_filters[] and extra_label](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#prometheus-querying-api-enhancements) query args to apply additional filters for the query:

>curl 'http://vmselect:8481/select/multitenant/prometheus/api/v1/query' \
  -d 'query=up' \
  -d 'extra_filters[]={vm_account_id="7",vm_project_id="9"}' \
  -d 'extra_filters[]={vm_account_id="42"}'

Author: Yes, it must break exist behavior, because it's insecure and introduces potential security risks.

 I'll update docs.
